Add CONTRIBUTING.md to `casper-network` GitHub Org (#1)
casper-network/.github: profile/README.md

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 MD013 -->

> # Casper Network

Reviewer: Since there are many Casper networks, I suggest a different title:
```suggestion
# The Casper Community
```

Casper strongly believes in the importance of a passionate community, and the active participation of our community members in creating innovative solutions. A robust network is essential in allowing the community to develop these solutions and projects built upon them.

This GitHub Casper Network Organization is purpose-built with a vision to serve the community. We welcome developers, entrepreneurs, and enterprises to come to build with us.

Please check [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/casper-network/.github/blob/main/profile/CONTRIBUTING.md) guide to understand how you can collaborate and contribute to the success of Casper. 

To propose new Design Proposals/Enhancements(CEP), please follow the details specified in [PROPOSALS.md](https://github.com/casper-network/.github/blob/main/profile/PROPOSALS.md).

# Getting in Touch

> You can always ask questions on our [developer community](https://discord.com/channels/615596155992145953/1202711490059309167) Discord channel.

Reviewer: Shouldn't we use the latest Discord link here?
```suggestion
You can always ask questions on our [developer community](https://discord.com/invite/casperblockchain) Discord channel.
```
